this is rocks
it's rocks his first day home we've done
a lot of searching for rocks my son
first told me he wanted to doberman I
couldn't believe it I've only heard bad
things about Dobermans me vicious dogs
which is a common misconception
Rex is only 7 weeks really should be
eight weeks before leaving their mother
make sure to research the breeder that
you're getting the puppies from
unfortunately we did not and our breeder
was not a very good one rocks was a
little sick when we brought her home but
she's doing much better now
carl friedrich Doberman in 1890 combines
several breeds of dogs to create the
Doberman Pinschers he produced the
Doberman to serve as a guardian to
accompany him on his route to collect
taxes which was an extremely dangerous
job at the time it is true that they
possess a brave valiant demeanor they
are also extremely loyal happy and
fun-loving so since the Doberman was
created specifically to live with the
family they are extremely bonded to the
people they want to be part of what
you're doing and they want to help out
whenever they can and they want lots of
attention and physical affection on a
daily basis this is a breed that will
love you unconditionally to the very end
there is a reason Dobermans are often
referred to as a Velcro dog they never
leave your side
they are not an outside dog under any
circumstances their role is to be a
family companion and protector that's
why they should live inside your home
with you not separated from the family
in a basement or backyard so if you're
not prepared to give your Doberman the
love and attention they desire then
living with your Doberman can be a
challenge